# LineProfileVO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**GemPortNum** | Pointer to **int64** | The number of gem ports created under this Line template is non-configurable. | [optional] 
**IsInUse** | Pointer to **string** | Whether the Line Profile is in use: if it is in use, deletion is not allowed. True indicates it is in use, while false indicates it is not in use. This field should not be provided. | [optional] 
**IsSystemProfile** | Pointer to **bool** | IsSystemProfile should be null, because it&#39;s generated by device. | [optional] 
**LineProfileId** | Pointer to **int32** | ID of line profile should be within the range of 1 to 512 | [optional] 
**MappingMode** | **string** | Mapping method for the ONT. MappingMode should be a value as follows: VLAN, PRIORITY, VLAN_PRIORITY, PORT, PORT_VLAN, PORT_PRIORITY, PORT_VLAN_PRIORITY. Default value: VLAN. | 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the Line template, an optional configuration. If not configured by the user, it will be automatically generated by the device. Name should contain 1 to 32 characters including digits, upper and lower letters, and the following six characters: -@_:/. . It can be left empty; if empty, it will be assigned automatically by the device. | [optional] 
**OmccEncrypt** | Pointer to **string** | Whether to enable OMCC encryption feature: when OMCC encryption is enabled, OMCI messages will be encrypted; otherwise, they will not be encrypted. OmccEncrypt should be a value as follows: ENABLE;DISABLE. Default value: DISABLE. | [optional] 
**TcontNum** | Pointer to **int64** | The number of T-conts created under this Line template is non-configurable. | [optional] 
**UpstreamFEC** | **string** | Enable/Disable Upstream FEC feature. UpstreamFEC should be a value as follows: DISABLE;ENABLE. Default value: DISABLE. | 

## Methods

### NewLineProfileVO

`func NewLineProfileVO(mappingMode string, upstreamFEC string, ) *LineProfileVO`

NewLineProfileVO instantiates a new LineProfileVO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewLineProfileVOWithDefaults

`func NewLineProfileVOWithDefaults() *LineProfileVO`

NewLineProfileVOWithDefaults instantiates a new LineProfileVO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetGemPortNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetGemPortNum() int64`

GetGemPortNum returns the GemPortNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetGemPortNumOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetGemPortNumOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetGemPortNumOk returns a tuple with the GemPortNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetGemPortNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetGemPortNum(v int64)`

SetGemPortNum sets GemPortNum field to given value.

### HasGemPortNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasGemPortNum() bool`

HasGemPortNum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsInUse

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetIsInUse() string`

GetIsInUse returns the IsInUse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsInUseOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetIsInUseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIsInUseOk returns a tuple with the IsInUse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsInUse

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetIsInUse(v string)`

SetIsInUse sets IsInUse field to given value.

### HasIsInUse

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasIsInUse() bool`

HasIsInUse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIsSystemProfile

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetIsSystemProfile() bool`

GetIsSystemProfile returns the IsSystemProfile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsSystemProfileOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetIsSystemProfileOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsSystemProfileOk returns a tuple with the IsSystemProfile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsSystemProfile

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetIsSystemProfile(v bool)`

SetIsSystemProfile sets IsSystemProfile field to given value.

### HasIsSystemProfile

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasIsSystemProfile() bool`

HasIsSystemProfile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLineProfileId

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetLineProfileId() int32`

GetLineProfileId returns the LineProfileId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLineProfileIdOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetLineProfileIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLineProfileIdOk returns a tuple with the LineProfileId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLineProfileId

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetLineProfileId(v int32)`

SetLineProfileId sets LineProfileId field to given value.

### HasLineProfileId

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasLineProfileId() bool`

HasLineProfileId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMappingMode

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetMappingMode() string`

GetMappingMode returns the MappingMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMappingModeOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetMappingModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMappingModeOk returns a tuple with the MappingMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMappingMode

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetMappingMode(v string)`

SetMappingMode sets MappingMode field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetOmccEncrypt() string`

GetOmccEncrypt returns the OmccEncrypt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOmccEncryptOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetOmccEncryptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOmccEncryptOk returns a tuple with the OmccEncrypt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetOmccEncrypt(v string)`

SetOmccEncrypt sets OmccEncrypt field to given value.

### HasOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasOmccEncrypt() bool`

HasOmccEncrypt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTcontNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetTcontNum() int64`

GetTcontNum returns the TcontNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTcontNumOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetTcontNumOk() (*int64, bool)`

GetTcontNumOk returns a tuple with the TcontNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTcontNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetTcontNum(v int64)`

SetTcontNum sets TcontNum field to given value.

### HasTcontNum

`func (o *LineProfileVO) HasTcontNum() bool`

HasTcontNum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpstreamFEC

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetUpstreamFEC() string`

GetUpstreamFEC returns the UpstreamFEC field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpstreamFECOk

`func (o *LineProfileVO) GetUpstreamFECOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpstreamFECOk returns a tuple with the UpstreamFEC field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpstreamFEC

`func (o *LineProfileVO) SetUpstreamFEC(v string)`

SetUpstreamFEC sets UpstreamFEC field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


