# LineProfileModifyDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**LineProfileId** | **int32** | LineProfileId should be within the range of 1 to 512 | 
**MappingMode** | Pointer to **string** | Mapping method for the ONT. MappingMode should be a value as follows: VLAN, PRIORITY, VLAN_PRIORITY, PORT, PORT_VLAN, PORT_PRIORITY, PORT_VLAN_PRIORITY. Default value: VLAN. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the Line template, an optional configuration. If not configured by the user, it will be automatically generated by the device. Name should contain 1 to 32 characters including digits, upper and lower letters, and the following six characters: -@_:/. . It can be left empty; if empty, it will be assigned automatically by the device. | [optional] 
**OmccEncrypt** | Pointer to **string** | Whether to enable OMCC encryption feature: when OMCC encryption is enabled, OMCI messages will be encrypted; otherwise, they will not be encrypted. OmccEncrypt should be a value as follows: ENABLE;DISABLE. Default value: DISABLE. | [optional] 
**UpstreamFEC** | Pointer to **string** | Enable/Disable Upstream FEC feature. UpStreamFEC should be a value as follows: DISABLE;ENABLE. Default value: DISABLE. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewLineProfileModifyDTO

`func NewLineProfileModifyDTO(lineProfileId int32, ) *LineProfileModifyDTO`

NewLineProfileModifyDTO instantiates a new LineProfileModifyDTO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewLineProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults

`func NewLineProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults() *LineProfileModifyDTO`

NewLineProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults instantiates a new LineProfileModifyDTO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetLineProfileId

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetLineProfileId() int32`

GetLineProfileId returns the LineProfileId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLineProfileIdOk

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetLineProfileIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetLineProfileIdOk returns a tuple with the LineProfileId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLineProfileId

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) SetLineProfileId(v int32)`

SetLineProfileId sets LineProfileId field to given value.


### GetMappingMode

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetMappingMode() string`

GetMappingMode returns the MappingMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMappingModeOk

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetMappingModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMappingModeOk returns a tuple with the MappingMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMappingMode

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) SetMappingMode(v string)`

SetMappingMode sets MappingMode field to given value.

### HasMappingMode

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) HasMappingMode() bool`

HasMappingMode returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetOmccEncrypt() string`

GetOmccEncrypt returns the OmccEncrypt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOmccEncryptOk

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetOmccEncryptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetOmccEncryptOk returns a tuple with the OmccEncrypt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) SetOmccEncrypt(v string)`

SetOmccEncrypt sets OmccEncrypt field to given value.

### HasOmccEncrypt

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) HasOmccEncrypt() bool`

HasOmccEncrypt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpstreamFEC

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetUpstreamFEC() string`

GetUpstreamFEC returns the UpstreamFEC field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpstreamFECOk

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) GetUpstreamFECOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUpstreamFECOk returns a tuple with the UpstreamFEC field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpstreamFEC

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) SetUpstreamFEC(v string)`

SetUpstreamFEC sets UpstreamFEC field to given value.

### HasUpstreamFEC

`func (o *LineProfileModifyDTO) HasUpstreamFEC() bool`

HasUpstreamFEC returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


