# ServicePortProfileDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EntriesNumber** | Pointer to **int32** | Service port number. The entriesNumber should be within the range of 0 to 127. | [optional] 
**InUse** | **string** | Whether service port profile has been used. | 
**ServicePortProfileId** | **string** | Service port template ID. The servicePortProfileId should be within the range of 1 to 512. E.g.,1. | 
**ServicePortProfileName** | **string** | Name of the service port template. No user configuration is automatically generated by the device. The name should contain 1 to 32 characters, including upper and lower letters, numbers, and symbols (-@_:/.). | 

## Methods

### NewServicePortProfileDTO

`func NewServicePortProfileDTO(inUse string, servicePortProfileId string, servicePortProfileName string, ) *ServicePortProfileDTO`

NewServicePortProfileDTO instantiates a new ServicePortProfileDTO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewServicePortProfileDTOWithDefaults

`func NewServicePortProfileDTOWithDefaults() *ServicePortProfileDTO`

NewServicePortProfileDTOWithDefaults instantiates a new ServicePortProfileDTO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetEntriesNumber

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetEntriesNumber() int32`

GetEntriesNumber returns the EntriesNumber field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEntriesNumberOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetEntriesNumberOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetEntriesNumberOk returns a tuple with the EntriesNumber field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEntriesNumber

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) SetEntriesNumber(v int32)`

SetEntriesNumber sets EntriesNumber field to given value.

### HasEntriesNumber

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) HasEntriesNumber() bool`

HasEntriesNumber returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInUse

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetInUse() string`

GetInUse returns the InUse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInUseOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetInUseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInUseOk returns a tuple with the InUse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInUse

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) SetInUse(v string)`

SetInUse sets InUse field to given value.


### GetServicePortProfileId

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetServicePortProfileId() string`

GetServicePortProfileId returns the ServicePortProfileId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicePortProfileIdOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetServicePortProfileIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServicePortProfileIdOk returns a tuple with the ServicePortProfileId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServicePortProfileId

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) SetServicePortProfileId(v string)`

SetServicePortProfileId sets ServicePortProfileId field to given value.


### GetServicePortProfileName

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetServicePortProfileName() string`

GetServicePortProfileName returns the ServicePortProfileName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicePortProfileNameOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) GetServicePortProfileNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServicePortProfileNameOk returns a tuple with the ServicePortProfileName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServicePortProfileName

`func (o *ServicePortProfileDTO) SetServicePortProfileName(v string)`

SetServicePortProfileName sets ServicePortProfileName field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


