# ServiceProfileVO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EthNum** | **string** | Number of eth port.EthNum should be within the range of -1 to 24.-1 indicates that the number of ports is adaptive. The default value is -1. | 
**IsInUse** | Pointer to **string** | Whether the service profile is in use | [optional] 
**MacLearning** | **string** | Enable/disable ONT MAC address learning function. MacLearning should be a value as follows:DISABLE,ENABLE | 
**MaxAdaptiveEthNum** | Pointer to **int32** | Set the maximum number of automatically recognized ETH ports.When ethNum is set to -1, a prompt will appear.MaxAdaptiveEthNum should be within the range of 0 to 24 | [optional] 
**MaxAdaptivePotsNum** | Pointer to **int32** | Set the maximum number of automatically recognized potsWhen potsNum is set to -1, a prompt will appear.MaxAdaptivePotsNum should be within the range of 0 to 4 | [optional] 
**MulticastForward** | **string** | Set the multicast packet forwarding mode of the ONT. NativeVlan should be a value as follows:UNCONCERN,TAGGED,UNTAGGED | 
**MulticastMode** | **string** | Set the multicast mode of the ONT. MulticastMode should be a value as follows:UNCONCERN,IGMP_SNOOPING,OLT_CONTROL | 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the service profile. No user configuration is automatically generated by the device. The name should contain 1 to 32 characters, including upper and lower letters, numbers, and symbols (-@_:/.). | [optional] 
**NativeVlan** | **string** | The ONT&#39;s concern for Native VLAN .NativeVlan should be a value as follows:UNCONCERN,CONCERN | 
**OnuBindNum** | Pointer to **int32** | The number of ONU/ONT instances that use this Service template. | [optional] 
**PotsNum** | **string** | Number of ONU pots.PotsNum should be within the range of -1 to 8.-1 indicates that the number of ports is adaptive. The default value is -1. | 
**ServiceId** | Pointer to **int32** | Service profile ID should be within the range of 1 to 512  | [optional] 
**TaggedType** | Pointer to **string** | TaggedType should be a value as follows:TRANSPARENT,TRANSLATION | [optional] 
**TaggedVlanId** | Pointer to **int32** | TaggedVlanId should be within the range of 1–4094 | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewServiceProfileVO

`func NewServiceProfileVO(ethNum string, macLearning string, multicastForward string, multicastMode string, nativeVlan string, potsNum string, ) *ServiceProfileVO`

NewServiceProfileVO instantiates a new ServiceProfileVO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewServiceProfileVOWithDefaults

`func NewServiceProfileVOWithDefaults() *ServiceProfileVO`

NewServiceProfileVOWithDefaults instantiates a new ServiceProfileVO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetEthNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetEthNum() string`

GetEthNum returns the EthNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEthNumOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetEthNumOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEthNumOk returns a tuple with the EthNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEthNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetEthNum(v string)`

SetEthNum sets EthNum field to given value.


### GetIsInUse

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetIsInUse() string`

GetIsInUse returns the IsInUse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsInUseOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetIsInUseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIsInUseOk returns a tuple with the IsInUse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsInUse

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetIsInUse(v string)`

SetIsInUse sets IsInUse field to given value.

### HasIsInUse

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasIsInUse() bool`

HasIsInUse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMacLearning

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMacLearning() string`

GetMacLearning returns the MacLearning field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMacLearningOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMacLearningOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMacLearningOk returns a tuple with the MacLearning field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMacLearning

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetMacLearning(v string)`

SetMacLearning sets MacLearning field to given value.


### GetMaxAdaptiveEthNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMaxAdaptiveEthNum() int32`

GetMaxAdaptiveEthNum returns the MaxAdaptiveEthNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxAdaptiveEthNumOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMaxAdaptiveEthNumOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxAdaptiveEthNumOk returns a tuple with the MaxAdaptiveEthNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxAdaptiveEthNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetMaxAdaptiveEthNum(v int32)`

SetMaxAdaptiveEthNum sets MaxAdaptiveEthNum field to given value.

### HasMaxAdaptiveEthNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasMaxAdaptiveEthNum() bool`

HasMaxAdaptiveEthNum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMaxAdaptivePotsNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMaxAdaptivePotsNum() int32`

GetMaxAdaptivePotsNum returns the MaxAdaptivePotsNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMaxAdaptivePotsNumOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMaxAdaptivePotsNumOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetMaxAdaptivePotsNumOk returns a tuple with the MaxAdaptivePotsNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMaxAdaptivePotsNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetMaxAdaptivePotsNum(v int32)`

SetMaxAdaptivePotsNum sets MaxAdaptivePotsNum field to given value.

### HasMaxAdaptivePotsNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasMaxAdaptivePotsNum() bool`

HasMaxAdaptivePotsNum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMulticastForward

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMulticastForward() string`

GetMulticastForward returns the MulticastForward field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMulticastForwardOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMulticastForwardOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMulticastForwardOk returns a tuple with the MulticastForward field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMulticastForward

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetMulticastForward(v string)`

SetMulticastForward sets MulticastForward field to given value.


### GetMulticastMode

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMulticastMode() string`

GetMulticastMode returns the MulticastMode field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMulticastModeOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetMulticastModeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetMulticastModeOk returns a tuple with the MulticastMode field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMulticastMode

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetMulticastMode(v string)`

SetMulticastMode sets MulticastMode field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNativeVlan

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetNativeVlan() string`

GetNativeVlan returns the NativeVlan field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNativeVlanOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetNativeVlanOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNativeVlanOk returns a tuple with the NativeVlan field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNativeVlan

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetNativeVlan(v string)`

SetNativeVlan sets NativeVlan field to given value.


### GetOnuBindNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetOnuBindNum() int32`

GetOnuBindNum returns the OnuBindNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetOnuBindNumOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetOnuBindNumOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetOnuBindNumOk returns a tuple with the OnuBindNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetOnuBindNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetOnuBindNum(v int32)`

SetOnuBindNum sets OnuBindNum field to given value.

### HasOnuBindNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasOnuBindNum() bool`

HasOnuBindNum returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPotsNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetPotsNum() string`

GetPotsNum returns the PotsNum field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPotsNumOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetPotsNumOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPotsNumOk returns a tuple with the PotsNum field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPotsNum

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetPotsNum(v string)`

SetPotsNum sets PotsNum field to given value.


### GetServiceId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetServiceId() int32`

GetServiceId returns the ServiceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServiceIdOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetServiceIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetServiceIdOk returns a tuple with the ServiceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServiceId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetServiceId(v int32)`

SetServiceId sets ServiceId field to given value.

### HasServiceId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasServiceId() bool`

HasServiceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaggedType

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetTaggedType() string`

GetTaggedType returns the TaggedType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaggedTypeOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetTaggedTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTaggedTypeOk returns a tuple with the TaggedType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaggedType

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetTaggedType(v string)`

SetTaggedType sets TaggedType field to given value.

### HasTaggedType

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasTaggedType() bool`

HasTaggedType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTaggedVlanId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetTaggedVlanId() int32`

GetTaggedVlanId returns the TaggedVlanId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTaggedVlanIdOk

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) GetTaggedVlanIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTaggedVlanIdOk returns a tuple with the TaggedVlanId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTaggedVlanId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) SetTaggedVlanId(v int32)`

SetTaggedVlanId sets TaggedVlanId field to given value.

### HasTaggedVlanId

`func (o *ServiceProfileVO) HasTaggedVlanId() bool`

HasTaggedVlanId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


