# ServicePortProfileModifyDTO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ServicePortProfileId** | **string** | Service port template ID. The servicePortProfileId should be within the range of 1 to 512, E.g.,1. It can be obtained from \&quot;Get service port profile list\&quot; interface. | 
**ServicePortProfileName** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the service port template. No user configuration is automatically generated by the device. The name should contain 1 to 32 characters, including upper and lower letters, numbers, and symbols (-@_:/.). | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewServicePortProfileModifyDTO

`func NewServicePortProfileModifyDTO(servicePortProfileId string, ) *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO`

NewServicePortProfileModifyDTO instantiates a new ServicePortProfileModifyDTO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewServicePortProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults

`func NewServicePortProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults() *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO`

NewServicePortProfileModifyDTOWithDefaults instantiates a new ServicePortProfileModifyDTO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetServicePortProfileId

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) GetServicePortProfileId() string`

GetServicePortProfileId returns the ServicePortProfileId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicePortProfileIdOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) GetServicePortProfileIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServicePortProfileIdOk returns a tuple with the ServicePortProfileId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServicePortProfileId

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) SetServicePortProfileId(v string)`

SetServicePortProfileId sets ServicePortProfileId field to given value.


### GetServicePortProfileName

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) GetServicePortProfileName() string`

GetServicePortProfileName returns the ServicePortProfileName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetServicePortProfileNameOk

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) GetServicePortProfileNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetServicePortProfileNameOk returns a tuple with the ServicePortProfileName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetServicePortProfileName

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) SetServicePortProfileName(v string)`

SetServicePortProfileName sets ServicePortProfileName field to given value.

### HasServicePortProfileName

`func (o *ServicePortProfileModifyDTO) HasServicePortProfileName() bool`

HasServicePortProfileName returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


