# TrafficProfileVO

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CbsValue** | Pointer to **int32** | CbsValue should be within the range of 2000 to 10240000 | [optional] 
**CirValue** | Pointer to **int32** | CirValue should be within the range of 128 to 10240000 | [optional] 
**InUse** | Pointer to **string** | Whether the Traffic Profile is in use; if it is in use, it cannot be deleted. | [optional] 
**InnerPriority** | **string** | Inner priority type of the traffic profile,innerPriority should be a value as follows ASSIGNED, NONE, USER_COS, USER_INNER_COS | 
**InnerPriorityValue** | Pointer to **int32** | Inner priority value of the traffic profile.InnerPriorityValue should be within the range of 0 to 7 | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | Name of the traffic profile. No user configuration is automatically generated by the device. The name should contain 1 to 32 characters, including upper and lower letters, numbers, and symbols (-@_:/.). | [optional] 
**PbsValue** | Pointer to **int32** | PbsValue should be within the range of 2000 to 10240000 | [optional] 
**PirValue** | Pointer to **int32** | PirValue should be within the range of 128 to 10240000 | [optional] 
**Priority** | **string** | Priority type of the traffic profile.Priority should be a value as follows:ASSIGNED,USER_COS | 
**PriorityPolicy** | **string** | Traffic priority policy should be a value as follows:LOCAL_SETTING, TAG_IN_PACKAGE, TAG_IN_INGRESS_PACKAGE | 
**PriorityValue** | **int32** | Priority value of the traffic profile.PriorityValue should be within the range of 0 to 7 | 
**RateLimitStatus** | **string** | Whether to enable rate limit.RateLimitStatus should be a value as follows:DISABLE,ENABLE.ENABLE by default.When enabled, CIR must be configured, while CBS, PIR, and PBS parameters are optional.When disabled, the CIR, CBS, PIR, and PBS parameters are grayed out and cannot be configured. | 
**TrafficId** | Pointer to **int32** | Traffic profile ID.TrafficId should be within the range of 1 to 512 | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewTrafficProfileVO

`func NewTrafficProfileVO(innerPriority string, priority string, priorityPolicy string, priorityValue int32, rateLimitStatus string, ) *TrafficProfileVO`

NewTrafficProfileVO instantiates a new TrafficProfileVO object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewTrafficProfileVOWithDefaults

`func NewTrafficProfileVOWithDefaults() *TrafficProfileVO`

NewTrafficProfileVOWithDefaults instantiates a new TrafficProfileVO object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetCbsValue() int32`

GetCbsValue returns the CbsValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCbsValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetCbsValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCbsValueOk returns a tuple with the CbsValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetCbsValue(v int32)`

SetCbsValue sets CbsValue field to given value.

### HasCbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasCbsValue() bool`

HasCbsValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetCirValue() int32`

GetCirValue returns the CirValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCirValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetCirValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCirValueOk returns a tuple with the CirValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetCirValue(v int32)`

SetCirValue sets CirValue field to given value.

### HasCirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasCirValue() bool`

HasCirValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInUse

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInUse() string`

GetInUse returns the InUse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInUseOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInUseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInUseOk returns a tuple with the InUse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInUse

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetInUse(v string)`

SetInUse sets InUse field to given value.

### HasInUse

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasInUse() bool`

HasInUse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInnerPriority

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInnerPriority() string`

GetInnerPriority returns the InnerPriority field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInnerPriorityOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInnerPriorityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInnerPriorityOk returns a tuple with the InnerPriority field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInnerPriority

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetInnerPriority(v string)`

SetInnerPriority sets InnerPriority field to given value.


### GetInnerPriorityValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInnerPriorityValue() int32`

GetInnerPriorityValue returns the InnerPriorityValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInnerPriorityValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetInnerPriorityValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetInnerPriorityValueOk returns a tuple with the InnerPriorityValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInnerPriorityValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetInnerPriorityValue(v int32)`

SetInnerPriorityValue sets InnerPriorityValue field to given value.

### HasInnerPriorityValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasInnerPriorityValue() bool`

HasInnerPriorityValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPbsValue() int32`

GetPbsValue returns the PbsValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPbsValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPbsValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPbsValueOk returns a tuple with the PbsValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetPbsValue(v int32)`

SetPbsValue sets PbsValue field to given value.

### HasPbsValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasPbsValue() bool`

HasPbsValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPirValue() int32`

GetPirValue returns the PirValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPirValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPirValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPirValueOk returns a tuple with the PirValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetPirValue(v int32)`

SetPirValue sets PirValue field to given value.

### HasPirValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasPirValue() bool`

HasPirValue returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPriority

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriority() string`

GetPriority returns the Priority field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPriorityOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriorityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPriorityOk returns a tuple with the Priority field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPriority

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetPriority(v string)`

SetPriority sets Priority field to given value.


### GetPriorityPolicy

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriorityPolicy() string`

GetPriorityPolicy returns the PriorityPolicy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPriorityPolicyOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriorityPolicyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPriorityPolicyOk returns a tuple with the PriorityPolicy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPriorityPolicy

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetPriorityPolicy(v string)`

SetPriorityPolicy sets PriorityPolicy field to given value.


### GetPriorityValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriorityValue() int32`

GetPriorityValue returns the PriorityValue field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPriorityValueOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetPriorityValueOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetPriorityValueOk returns a tuple with the PriorityValue field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPriorityValue

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetPriorityValue(v int32)`

SetPriorityValue sets PriorityValue field to given value.


### GetRateLimitStatus

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetRateLimitStatus() string`

GetRateLimitStatus returns the RateLimitStatus field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRateLimitStatusOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetRateLimitStatusOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRateLimitStatusOk returns a tuple with the RateLimitStatus field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRateLimitStatus

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetRateLimitStatus(v string)`

SetRateLimitStatus sets RateLimitStatus field to given value.


### GetTrafficId

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetTrafficId() int32`

GetTrafficId returns the TrafficId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTrafficIdOk

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) GetTrafficIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetTrafficIdOk returns a tuple with the TrafficId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTrafficId

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) SetTrafficId(v int32)`

SetTrafficId sets TrafficId field to given value.

### HasTrafficId

`func (o *TrafficProfileVO) HasTrafficId() bool`

HasTrafficId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


